Feature/v2/help readme (#12)
infinum/app-deploy-script: README.md

Author: As this readme is now a bit too large, mainly because of the "Usage" part, I'll move everything related to the Usage into the Wiki section once this PR is approved, and I'll link wiki pages into the main readme file. 
For now, please review it here. Differences in the text are easier to see here, as the PR review can not cover the wiki changes.

# App Deploy Script

> ## Description

Reviewer: Redundant header IMO
```suggestion
```

> Deploy script used for creating trigger tags with a tag message in the format `ci/internal-staging/2024-12-16T10-16`, where `internal-staging` is marking the workflow that should be started on the CI. The tag message set from this script can be used later for the changelog message on any CI (e.g., Bitrise). Once the build process is finished on CI/CD and the installation file is uploaded to the deployment service (e.g., TryOut Apps), an additional script is available for creating the final build tag in format `internal-staging/v1.0.0-45b46`, where `internal-staging` is marking the build type (i.e., internal for TryOut Apps, or store for App/Play Store; staging for target/flavor type), `v1.0.0-45` represents the build version (app version, build number, ...), and `b46` that represents the unique build count on CI/CD. Optionally, on some platforms, an additional value `cXX` (e.g., `c100`) can represent the code version.

Reviewer: I would suggest a bit of a rewrite:

```suggestion
This script facilitates mobile app deployment over CI with the following features:
- Creating temporary trigger tags for starting a specific deployment workflow on the CI
- Creating final build tags by extracting environment and version data from the trigger tag and the resulting binary. 

Trigger tags use the following format: `ci/internal-staging/2024-12-16T10-16`, where `internal-staging` marks the workflow that should be started on the CI. The tag message set from this script can be used later for the changelog message on any CI (e.g., Bitrise). 
Once the build process is finished on CI/CD and the installation file is uploaded to the deployment service (e.g., TryOutApps), an additional script is available for creating the final build tag in format `internal-staging/v1.0.0-45b46`, where `internal-staging` is marking the build type (i.e., internal for TryOut Apps, or store for App/Play Store; staging for target/flavor type), `v1.0.0-45` represents the build version (app version, build number, ...), and `b46` that represents the unique build count on CI/CD. Optionally, on some platforms, an additional value `cXX` (e.g., `c100`) can represent the code version.
```

> where `internal-staging` is marking the workflow that should be started on the CI.

Maybe better "where `internal-staging` matches the trigger condition for starting the appropriate workflow on the CI"?

Author: I've combined this proposal with the one from the __help part into the description part of the readme.
